flower sippin machine
screw conveyor
water tank with level controller
mixer
plc electrical control panel material
feeding machine compounding machine
stretching machine
sweating
steaming machine
seasoning dipping and aging machine
stretching and a cutting machine
frying case
frying machine
frying machine outlet
noodle distribution conveyor one
automatic up input device
noodle distribution conveyor to
automatic rotary cup placing device
automatic power supplier
shaking type seasoning supplier
automatic placing lid device
intelligent detector system one
automatic sealing lid device intelligent
detector system to rejection output
device
cup noodle conveyor
err separator
pillow type cup packing machine